>> Hello.
I'm David Ike.
And today I'm going to
ask two big questions.
Who are we?
What is this I?
And where are we?
What is this place, this reality
that we daily experience?
These big questions
are so rarely asked
when you think they would be at
the forefront of what everyone
would want to know.
And part of the answer to that
is that we take it for granted
that what we're told
about reality is true.
So what are we told?
Basically, we're led
to believe that we
live in a solid world, a
physical world, a material
world.
And everything has
space between it.
There is such a thing as
time that moves from past
through present to future.
The interaction of this
materiality is random.
Just happens.
There's no force behind it.
There's no unity behind it.
So we are told that everything
is apart from everything else.
We are basically
cosmic accidents
to come out of nowhere and
then die at the end of it.
And it's all a mess and
totally unexplainable.
But there is another
way of looking
at it, which puts
everything into a completely
different light.
What if-- and it's
more than a what if--
this reality wasn't solid,
wasn't physical at all?
We just experience it like
that because it's an illusion.
The question that comes
from that is OK then,
why am I sitting in this chair?
Why haven't I falling through
it if there is no solidity?
Well, you could
say why when you're
watching a video game or one
of these virtual reality games,
even more appropriate,
the people sitting
in the chairs in the
virtual reality game
don't fall through them either.
The resistance that allows
me to sit-in this chair
is not physical resistance.
It's electromagnetic resistance.
And when you have a resistance
within the same band
of frequency, we experience
that, for reasons I'll come to,
as physical resistance.
But when people have experiences
of what we call ghosts,
and they see figures, ethereal
figures floating through walls,
people say that's impossible.
You can't go through a wall.
Well you can if you're
not on its frequency
and thus not subject to its
electromagnetic resistance
that we experience as
apparent physical resistance.
This reality is not physical.
It's like a virtual
reality game.
Think of Wi-Fi.
You have Wi-Fi fields
of information.
What are they?
They're fields of radiation
carrying information.
And the computer then
connects with that radiation
field of Wi-Fi and takes
information from it
and puts it on the screen in a
totally different form to how
that information is
expressed in the Wi-Fi field.
What the computer has done
is decode that information
into a different form.
That's how we experience it.
You know, you say to people,
what is the internet?
And they'll say, oh,
well, it's graphics,
and colors, and movies, and
videos on a computer screen.
Well, yes it is, but
only on the screen.
That's the only place the
internet looks like that.
Everywhere else it
is Wi-Fi fields,
electrical communications
systems, codes, and so on.
And what we are
doing through what
I call the biological
computer, the body,
is to decode
information from what
I call the cosmic Wi-Fi
field into a totally
different form on our
screen, which is in here.
I'll explain this more in a
moment how that process works.
But let's put to bed,
first of all, the idea
that we live in a solid world.
We don't.
Well, we must live
in a solid world
because it's made of atoms.
Oh really?
So atoms must be solid then?
Oh yeah.
Well, here's a
quote about atoms.
Now atoms, of course, are
a nucleus with electrons
flying around them.
OK.
Here's a quote.
If the nucleus were
the size of a peanut,
the atom would be about the
size of a baseball stadium.
If we lost all the dead
space inside our atoms,
we would each be able to
fit into a particle of dust
and the entire human race would
fit into the volume of a sugar
cube.
The world ain't solid.
But we decode it to appear so.
So we experience it that way.
Now the whole base
form of this reality
is wave form, wave
form information.
Think of it as,
like I say, Wi-Fi.
And we are decoding
that into this reality
that we think is outside of
us but actually is in here.
So mainstream science
has this perception
of what it calls
the observer effect.
What it says is that there is a
wave form field of information
which is the base
form of this reality
and that only when we
look at it as they say,
observe it, does that wave
form state become what
we call the physical state.
And when we're
not looking at it,
it's back in its
wave form state.
It's like Wi-Fi again.
When a computer is not
decoding it into the form
you see on the screen, then
it's in its Wi-Fi state.
I say that when they call
it the observer effect,
they've got the word wrong.
I would call it
the decoder effect.
The act of observation
triggers the process
through which we decode
the wave form information
into physical reality--
actually holographic
reality-- illusory physical.
So how does this work?
Well, just look at
the five senses.
The five senses take
wave form information.
They turn it into
electrical information.
And they communicate
it to the brain
which then decodes it
into digital holographic
information.
And that's the world we
experience as outside of us
when it's all going on in
here just as the internet
as we experience it is all
going on inside the computer.
And so if you take--
take the obvious one, the
ear, but all the senses work
like this, the ear
picks up wave form.
As I'm speaking now, I'm sending
out wave form information
fields which people decode
through the ear sensors
into electrical information,
communicate it to the brain,
and it becomes holographic
and digital information,
digital holograms.
And what happens when the
brain is decoding that is
it only takes enough information
to construct a reality.
It doesn't take all the
information that it receives.
According to mainstream
science, the brain
is receiving through the site
senses 11 million sensations
as they call them, pieces of
information, every second.
And then it takes around 40
a second out of 11 million
to construct our reality.
And all the way through
history, whether it's religion
or whether it's other human
phenomena and pressures,
we have been discouraged from
exploring what reality really
is.
And I would suggest
there's a reason for that.
Once you realize
how reality works,
you realize we are in control
of it and not random events.
We are not at the mercy of life.
We are creating that life
even though we may not
realize that we're doing so.
So we will live within this
what I call cosmic Wi-Fi, what
is described by
others in science
as the cosmic field or the
quantum field of possibility
and probability.
And so within that field
is infinite possibility.
What from that field do we take?
In the same way as you have
a Wi-Fi field containing
the entire internet and
your perceptions of reality
if you like, what you like, what
you're enthusiastic about, how
you feel decides what
part of that internet
you are going to access to put
on the screen as an experience.
We are doing that
in the same theme
as we live our lives,
because the key to everything
is perception.
Everything is a frequency.
Every thought is a frequency.
Hate is a frequency.
Love is another frequency.
Every emotion is a frequency.
And so perceptions are
represented by frequencies.
So if you have a perception
and self-identity
that you are little
me, I have no power,
then that is represented-- that
self-identity self-perception
is represented as a
band of frequency.
And you are therefore
interacting with this quantum
field of possibility
and probability
within that band of frequency.
And what you're going to
create with that feedback loop
is a self-fulfilling prophecy.
You're going to
live a life that is
manifested from your perception
of little me, I have no power.
It will be a life of
little me, I have no power.
But if you have another
self-identity, which
is that I am consciousness,
I am awareness,
my body is the vehicle
for my awareness
to experience in a very
transitory way, very brief way,
this reality we call the
world, but I am consciousness.
I am infinite awareness,
exploring the infinite forever
forever and this is just
one step on the road.
Now that self-identity,
that perception of self,
has a completely different
band of frequency.
Because of the
expanded sense of self,
you have an expanded
frequency range
in which you are
interacting with possibility
and probability in
the quantum field.
And that is going to create
a feedback loop between you
and the field, which is going to
bring you a very different life
to little me, I have no power.
Those that have been through
this process of awakening
have noticed--
I did in my own life--
the suddenly amazing
synchronicity
starts to happen that
wasn't happening before--
Amazing bits of luck,
things happening
just when you need them. oh,
crikey, that's a miracle there.
But if you are now,
because of your awakening
and your expansion
of consciousness,
interacting with the
quantum field of possibility
and probability in a much more
expanded and high frequency
way, you are going to
manifest that synchronicity
that little me is not.
So perception is the
dictator of our lives.
And I tell you the good news.
We can control the perception.
And here's a is a great
quote kind of encapsulates
what I'm saying here.
It's by a man called Alan Watts.
He was a very aware man.
Died some decades ago now but
he is still very, very popular
on the internet with the talks
he did, which he did many.
But here's what he said.
Without the brain, the world is
devoid of light, heat, weight,
solidity, motion,
space, time, or
any other imaginable feature.
All these phenomena are
interactions or transactions
of vibrations with a certain
arrangement of neurons.
And that's what they are.
Solidity is an illusion.
Weight, motion, these
are all decoding
phenomena of the brain from the
wave form information field.
And then you talk about--
talk about here time.
There is no time.
Oy, there is.
I've got a watch.
Well, what is that?
That's human created.
Time, which we believe is real.
There is only one
moment that exists.
And that's the now moment.
All the rest is illusion,
creation of the decoding
processes of the brain.
So people will say,
well, time exists.
But what about the
past and the future?
OK.
OK, well, let's go
through that then.
When you're thinking
about the past,
and you're regretting all that
stuff, and saying if only,
where are you?
Well, you're in the now.
Yeah.
And when you're worrying
about the future
or being ambitious about
the future, where are you?
You're in the now.
And then when what we call the
future becomes an experience,
that experience is in the now.
There is only the now.
And yet you look at our society.
It is dominated by
the illusion of time.
But time is just that.
It's an illusion.
And here's another quote.
You'll probably know this one.
Very famous one from
"The Matrix" movie,
the first one, when
Neo is being given
the rundown on the illusion
that he's been living in what he
thought was a physical world.
And he's taken into a computer
program which looks just as
real as his real world.
And he says to the Morpheus
character, "This isn't real."
And Morpheus said this.
"What is real?
How do you define real?
If you're talking about
what you can feel,
what you can smell,
taste, and see,
then real is simply
electrical signals
interpreted by your brain."
And that's all it is.
Now what power
would it give anyone
who knew that this is how we
create reality, but created
a society to keep this
knowledge from us?
What if they had the knowledge
that if they can manipulate
your brain to decode
reality in a certain way,
they could ensure by that
manipulation that you created,
thus experienced, thus believed
in a reality that suited them
even if it didn't suit you?
And that is what
we're looking at.
We're looking at a human society
that has been systematically
structured to keep the
truth about reality from us.
So we are living the
illusion of a physical world
with all its sense
of limitation,
and I can't, and
it's not possible
while, from the shadows,
our perceptions are
being manipulated and imposed.
Those perceptions
then dictate how
the brain decodes
that information
that we're receiving into a
reality that we experience.
So for instance,
the more you can
persuade people they're
little me and have no power,
the more they will live little
me I have no power lives
and thus be no problem
to the prevailing order
and the prevailing authority.
And this has been
going on for centuries
and is reaching ridiculously
extreme proportions now
in terms of humanity's
perception being manipulated.
And so to make strange,
amazing things happen
that are called miracles
and stuff like that, which
in many ways that
experience of mine in Peru
would have been called,
all you've got to do
is introduce information
into the field
and people will decode that
information into an experience.
That's all this world is.
It's information,
decoding information,
interacting with information.
A computer is information
encoded to decode information.
That's all.
And thus if you can
control the information,
you control the reality.
And that's why we have
this obsession by authority
in controlling information.
That's why we're having
now this explosion,
this hysterical explosion
of censorship by the Silicon
Valley corporations as
we've had in the mainstream
media over a much longer
period, because if you control
information, you
control perception.
Where do people get
their perceptions from?
They get it from
information received.
It might be the 10 o'clock news.
It might be a teacher at school.
It might be a
personal experience.
But that information
then forms a perception.
And what does perception become?
Becomes behavior.
So if you can
control information,
you're going to
control perception.
You're going to
control behavior.
And that is the foundation
of human control.
And it's all founded on
keeping us in ignorance--
ignorance-- of the very reality
that we are experiencing.
And thus the entirety of
human society day after day,
minute after minute,
is founded and is
lived on a complete
illusion of the very world
that we're experiencing.
And if there is going
to be, and there
is, a revolution
to free humanity
from this manipulated
ignorance, it
has to be a revolution
of perception,
because from perception
comes everything.
Change perception,
change reality.
change the world
for all the reasons
I'm talking about.
Imagine the world went
through that transformation.
And it's beginning
to faster and faster.
The more people come
out of little me,
the more people come out of
I can't, it's not possible,
the more this world will
change in dramatic ways.
And it won't take a
single gun, a single tank,
even a single protest.
It will just take expressions of
all that is, has been, and ever
can be who have bought
the illusion that they are
their labels, and
their limitations that
come with those labels,
remembering who we are.
Consciousness,
infinite potential,
having a brief
experience called human.
This understanding of
reality, how we create it,
how we experience it, is
not just esoteric navel
contemplating.
It's not just a bit of interest.
Oh, that's interesting.
It's absolutely fundamental,
this understanding,
to humanity taking the
power back from the few
by realizing that although
we let life live us,
we have the power to
live life on our terms
because we are the
governor of experience.
At the moment, what's
happening is we are being
or we are having our perceptions
externally manipulated.
Those perceptions manifest
as a frequency band
which is the band
of limitation we
interact with the quantum field
of possibility and probability.
And that feedback loop
becomes our experience reality
which reflects our perception.
So our perceptions
today, even though we
don't realize there's a
connection between that
and what we experience,
are dictating our reality.
What the awakening really
is is to take that knowledge
and then say now, instead of
my perceptions being externally
manipulated, or me being
told that I have no power
and I'm little me
and irrelevant,
and thus creating
that life, I'm now
going to dictate what
my perceptions are
and particularly
my self identity.
What is this I?
And from that
expanded self-identity
comes expanded life experience.
And the few cannot control the
many once they lose control
of human perception.
And that bottom line is what we
call the human awakening, which
I can tell you from experience
going around the world
is happening on a scale
now I've never seen before.
And it's understanding
reality that
holds the key to everything.
And that's why the
authorities have
spent centuries, eons, keeping
the nature of that reality
from us.
And now that information
is returning.
And with it, we'll
become a human world
that we would think from today's
perspective is just utopia.
That could never happen.
That utopia is simply a change
of human perception away.
And that is in our power to do.
See you next time.